there's two words in their social media
the power of twitter is amazing it's all
about talking to folks as frustrating as
160 characters is it forces you to have
to use and choose your words wisely
those on Twitter 12 24 7 we now
interrupt this marriage for the hunting
season the camera is actually going
we're doing it you're out here gentlemen
real people and people that you may
never even have a chance to come across
in your lifetime Steve flares back baby
let's on the ground but from the vantage
it's really fun to watch something
different on a construction business so
we don't really do anything with those
who he man's toe box all those family
who hunts together stays together you
see one like that baby
blood next there for me social media is
really like renewed my sense of like wow
we have a huge community here not there
a blessing ninja skills work for our
dear out there if I shot it here every
time I went to the woods I probably
wouldn't have fun doing it you want as
puzzle for sure kills issue what got a
ranch then paid some big bucks to be
released or pen you don't want that no
dear husband you can't be successful
your time
all I want in your children
I took my daughter hunting one time and
she said and I asked her I said why why
why aren't why don't you want to kill
anything she said because I just wants
to entire with my dad we can see dear
cooker many directions and we should be
calling all boo fuck doesn't look good
at all everyone's talking about me cuz
im just chillin all here in Maryland
that's what you call a Smackdown mailing
do your tweeting again sure I'll be set
up right about here hunters have
traditionally been underrepresented in
technology and blogging and things like
that and I think it's really starting to
take off after we r rubber gloves are
like latex gloves as I'm allergic to
fear
mathews z7 Michael Riedel won't shoot
shit kill something
your heart is open a camera copulas
number one hell yeah was I had a friggin
blast I got it I got out there I watch
the world wake up I guess it's what you
would call doe fever did you keep me
first day of the season one goes on for
my son for
Oh Elsa was that you and your 430 you're
nuts